=head1 NAME

Net::RabbitMQ::Simple - A simple syntax for Net::RabbitMQ

=head1 SYNOPSIS


    use Net::RabbitMQ::Simple;

    mqconnect {
        hostname => 'localhost',
        user => 'guest',
        password => 'guest',
        vhost => '/'
    };

    exchange {
        name => 'mtest_x',
        type => 'direct',
        passive => 0,
        durable => 1,
        auto_delete => 0,
        exclusive => 0
    };

    publish {
        exchange => 'maketest',
        queue => 'mtest',
        route => 'mtest_route',
        message => 'message',
        options => { content_type => 'text/plain' }
    };

    my $rv = consume;

    # or
    # my $rv = get { options => { routing_key => 'foo.*' }}

    # use Data::Dumper;
    # print Dumper($rv);

    mqdisconnect;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package implements a simple syntax on top of L<Net::RabbitMQ>. With the
help of this package it is possible to write simple AMQP applications with a
few lines of perl code.

=head1 METHODS


=cut

=head2 mqconnect %hash

Connect to AMQP server using librabbitmq.

Return L<Net::RabbitMQ> object.

    {
        user => 'guest'
        password => 'guest',
        vhost => '/',
        channel_max => 0,
        frame_max => 131072,
        heartbeat => 0
    }


=cut

=head2 exchange %hash

Declare an exchange for work.

    {
        name => 'name_of_exchange',
        exchange_type => 'direct',
        passive => 0,
        durable => 0,
        auto_delete => 1
    }


=cut

=head2 exchange_delete %hash

Delete an exchange if is possible.

    exchange_delete {
        name => 'name_of_exchange',
        if_unused => 1,
        nowait => 0
    }


=cut

=head2 exchange_publish %hash

Publish a new message.

    {
        exchange => 'exchange',
        queue => 'queue',
        route => 'route',
        message => 'message',
        options => { content_type => 'text/plain' }
    }


=cut

=head2 consume %hash

Consume messages from queue.

    {
        queue => 'name'
    }


=cut

=head2 get %hash
Consume messages from queue, but return undef if doesn't have message.

    {
        queue => 'queue',
        options => { routing_key => 'foo' }
    }


=cut

=head2 tx

Start a server-side transaction over channel.


=cut

=head2 commit

Commit a server-side transaction over channel.


=cut

=head2 rollback

Rollback a server-side transaction over channel.


=cut

=head2 purge

Purge queue.


=cut

=head2 ack 

Need acknowledged.


=cut

=head2 mqdisconnect

Disconnect from server.


=cut

=head2 mqobject $object

Set current L<Net::RabbitMQ> object.


=cut

=head1 SUPPORT

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker

L<http://rt.cpan.org/tbr/Bugs.html?Dist=Net-RabbitMQ-Simple>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Net-RabbitMQ-Simple>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Net-RabbitMQ-Simple>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Net-RabbitMQ-Simple>

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Net::RabbitMQ>, L<Devel::Declare>

=head1 AUTHOR

Thiago Rondon. <thiago@aware.com.br>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.


=cut

